Zheng Cheng, you Tibetan heart, you want to kill me
Don't rush the uncle if you don't have money.
Ah you pay
I gave you real money
Don't play tricks
This is what you give.
If I play tricks for your money
I am your grandson
That's impossible.
This is my driver's license
They all say that heaven and earth are evil
I didn't believe it before
Today's retribution came to Lao Tzu's head
I see.
I just had no money to pay the rent
And 40,000
Take a look.
Is that true?
Look at your dirty hands
Bad tax old lunatic, don't play tricks
See, this is real money.
The second and third let them go
The surname Li remembers the day when the money is returned next time.
Everyone is going to die, what's the matter?